

which necessary input files exist?

|                                                        |.    | |:-------------------------------------------------------|:----| |./internal/input_files/analysis plan.csv                |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/choice ranks.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/cluster_samplingframe.csv        |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/composite_indicators.csv         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/data.csv                         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo_choices.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo_questions.csv               |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/parameters.csv                   |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/stratification_samplingframe.csv |TRUE |

which necessary input files exist?

|                                                        |.     | |:-------------------------------------------------------|:-----| |./internal/input_files/analysis plan.csv                |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/choice ranks.csv                 |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/cluster_samplingframe.csv        |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/composite_indicators.csv         |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/data.csv                         |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/kobo_choices.csv                 |FALSE | |./internal/input_files/kobo_questions.csv               |FALSE | |./internal/input_files/parameters.csv                   |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/stratification_samplingframe.csv |TRUE  |

which necessary input files exist?

|                                                        |.     | |:-------------------------------------------------------|:-----| |./internal/input_files/analysis plan.csv                |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/choice ranks.csv                 |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/cluster_samplingframe.csv        |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/composite_indicators.csv         |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/data.csv                         |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/kobo_choices.csv                 |FALSE | |./internal/input_files/kobo_questions.csv               |FALSE | |./internal/input_files/parameters.csv                   |TRUE  | |./internal/input_files/stratification_samplingframe.csv |TRUE  |

which necessary input files exist?

|                                                        |.    | |:-------------------------------------------------------|:----| |./internal/input_files/analysis plan.csv                |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/choice ranks.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/cluster_samplingframe.csv        |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/composite_indicators.csv         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/data.csv                         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo choices.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo questions.csv               |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/parameters.csv                   |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/stratification_samplingframe.csv |TRUE |



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: organisation_name
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displacement_status
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: relation_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sex_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh



























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hosting_displaced
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_land_sea
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: engage_agriculture_prior2014
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nb_hectares_cultivated
independent.var:sex_hoh





















data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: dwelling_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: occupancy_type
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: shelter_condition
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: threat_eviction
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: first_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: second_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cooking_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: vehicle_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: generator_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: heating_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh

















chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: distance_water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_for_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: unsufficient_drinking_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_quality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_public_network_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: frequency_trash_collection
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_needed_15days
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_received
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_facility_visited
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_healthcentre
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: ind_chronicdisease
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: chronicdisease_medecine
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mental_disorder
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh



























data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



















































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: obtaining_cash_to_meet_needs
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw_amount
independent.var:sex_hoh





























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: payment_modality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_market_place
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_accessgoods
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_non_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: spent_savings
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: borrow_money
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: purchase_on_credit
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_nfi
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_health
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: delay_skip_rent
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: begging
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: additional_job
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: degrading_illegal_work
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: coping_cash_other
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displaced_since2011
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: year_displacement
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_disp
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: applied_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_family_member
independent.var:sex_hoh









chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: leave_country_intention
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: presence_uxo_neighborhood
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_uxo
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: member_uxo_injured
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: received_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: future_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: humanitarian_assistance_info
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: prefered_information_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: food_security_consent
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: agricultural_production
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: crop_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: livestock_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_mobile_network
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: eviction_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_heating
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_noaccess_dropped_school
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: type_nonformal_education
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_treatment
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: toilet_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: waste_management
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_criteria
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: pregnancy_consultedby
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: organisation_name
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displacement_status
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: relation_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sex_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh



























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hosting_displaced
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_land_sea
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: engage_agriculture_prior2014
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nb_hectares_cultivated
independent.var:sex_hoh





















data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: dwelling_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: occupancy_type
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: shelter_condition
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: threat_eviction
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: first_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: second_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cooking_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: vehicle_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: generator_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: heating_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh

















chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: distance_water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_for_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: unsufficient_drinking_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_quality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_public_network_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: frequency_trash_collection
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_needed_15days
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_received
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_facility_visited
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_healthcentre
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: ind_chronicdisease
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: chronicdisease_medecine
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mental_disorder
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh



























data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



















































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: obtaining_cash_to_meet_needs
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw_amount
independent.var:sex_hoh





























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: payment_modality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_market_place
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_accessgoods
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_non_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: spent_savings
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: borrow_money
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: purchase_on_credit
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_nfi
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_health
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: delay_skip_rent
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: begging
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: additional_job
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: degrading_illegal_work
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: coping_cash_other
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displaced_since2011
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: year_displacement
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_disp
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: applied_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_family_member
independent.var:sex_hoh









chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: leave_country_intention
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: presence_uxo_neighborhood
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_uxo
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: member_uxo_injured
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: received_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: future_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: humanitarian_assistance_info
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: prefered_information_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: food_security_consent
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: agricultural_production
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: crop_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: livestock_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_mobile_network
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: eviction_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_heating
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_noaccess_dropped_school
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: type_nonformal_education
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_treatment
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: toilet_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: waste_management
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_criteria
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: pregnancy_consultedby
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: service_access_issues
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability_service_issues
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: obtaining_cash_challenges
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketplace
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem_expensive
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem_unavailable
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: financial_provider
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: coping_cash_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: no_return_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: return_area_decision
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: problem_faced_return
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_doc_types
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_doc_impact
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: documentation_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: leave_country_reasons
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_uxo_actions
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: modality_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





which necessary input files exist?

|                                                        |.    | |:-------------------------------------------------------|:----| |./internal/input_files/analysis plan.csv                |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/choice ranks.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/cluster_samplingframe.csv        |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/composite_indicators.csv         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/data.csv                         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo choices.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo questions.csv               |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/parameters.csv                   |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/stratification_samplingframe.csv |TRUE |



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: organisation_name
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displacement_status
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: relation_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sex_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh



























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hosting_displaced
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_land_sea
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: engage_agriculture_prior2014
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nb_hectares_cultivated
independent.var:sex_hoh





















data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: dwelling_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: occupancy_type
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: shelter_condition
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: threat_eviction
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: first_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: second_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cooking_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: vehicle_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: generator_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: heating_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh

















chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: distance_water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_for_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: unsufficient_drinking_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_quality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_public_network_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: frequency_trash_collection
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_needed_15days
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_received
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_facility_visited
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_healthcentre
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: ind_chronicdisease
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: chronicdisease_medecine
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mental_disorder
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh



























data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



















































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: obtaining_cash_to_meet_needs
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw_amount
independent.var:sex_hoh





























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: payment_modality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_market_place
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_accessgoods
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_non_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: spent_savings
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: borrow_money
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: purchase_on_credit
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_nfi
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_health
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: delay_skip_rent
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: begging
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: additional_job
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: degrading_illegal_work
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: coping_cash_other
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displaced_since2011
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: year_displacement
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_disp
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: applied_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_family_member
independent.var:sex_hoh









chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: leave_country_intention
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: presence_uxo_neighborhood
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_uxo
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: member_uxo_injured
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: received_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: future_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: humanitarian_assistance_info
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: prefered_information_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: food_security_consent
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: agricultural_production
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: crop_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: livestock_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_mobile_network
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: eviction_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_heating
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_noaccess_dropped_school
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: type_nonformal_education
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_treatment
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: toilet_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: waste_management
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_criteria
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: pregnancy_consultedby
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: organisation_name
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displacement_status
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: relation_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sex_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh



























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hosting_displaced
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_land_sea
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: engage_agriculture_prior2014
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nb_hectares_cultivated
independent.var:sex_hoh





















data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: dwelling_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: occupancy_type
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: shelter_condition
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: threat_eviction
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: first_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: second_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cooking_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: vehicle_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: generator_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: heating_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh

















chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: distance_water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_for_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: unsufficient_drinking_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_quality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_public_network_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: frequency_trash_collection
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_needed_15days
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_received
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_facility_visited
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_healthcentre
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: ind_chronicdisease
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: chronicdisease_medecine
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mental_disorder
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh



























data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



















































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: obtaining_cash_to_meet_needs
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw_amount
independent.var:sex_hoh





























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: payment_modality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_market_place
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_accessgoods
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_non_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: spent_savings
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: borrow_money
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: purchase_on_credit
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_nfi
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_health
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: delay_skip_rent
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: begging
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: additional_job
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: degrading_illegal_work
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: coping_cash_other
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displaced_since2011
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: year_displacement
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_disp
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: applied_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_family_member
independent.var:sex_hoh









chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: leave_country_intention
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: presence_uxo_neighborhood
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_uxo
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: member_uxo_injured
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: received_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: future_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: humanitarian_assistance_info
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: prefered_information_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: food_security_consent
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: agricultural_production
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: crop_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: livestock_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_mobile_network
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: eviction_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_heating
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_noaccess_dropped_school
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: type_nonformal_education
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_treatment
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: toilet_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: waste_management
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_criteria
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: pregnancy_consultedby
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: service_access_issues
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability_service_issues
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: obtaining_cash_challenges
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketplace
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem_expensive
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem_unavailable
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: financial_provider
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: coping_cash_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: no_return_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: return_area_decision
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: problem_faced_return
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_doc_types
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_doc_impact
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: documentation_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: leave_country_reasons
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_uxo_actions
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: modality_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





which necessary input files exist?

|                                                        |.    | |:-------------------------------------------------------|:----| |./internal/input_files/analysis plan.csv                |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/choice ranks.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/cluster_samplingframe.csv        |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/composite_indicators.csv         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/data.csv                         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo choices.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo questions.csv               |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/parameters.csv                   |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/stratification_samplingframe.csv |TRUE |



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: organisation_name
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displacement_status
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: relation_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sex_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh



























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hosting_displaced
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_land_sea
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: engage_agriculture_prior2014
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nb_hectares_cultivated
independent.var:sex_hoh





















data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: dwelling_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: occupancy_type
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: shelter_condition
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: threat_eviction
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: first_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: second_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cooking_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: vehicle_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: generator_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: heating_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh

















chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: distance_water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_for_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: unsufficient_drinking_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_quality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_public_network_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: frequency_trash_collection
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_needed_15days
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_received
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_facility_visited
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_healthcentre
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: ind_chronicdisease
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: chronicdisease_medecine
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mental_disorder
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh



























data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



















































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: obtaining_cash_to_meet_needs
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw_amount
independent.var:sex_hoh





























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: payment_modality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_market_place
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_accessgoods
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_non_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: spent_savings
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: borrow_money
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: purchase_on_credit
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_nfi
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_health
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: delay_skip_rent
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: begging
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: additional_job
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: degrading_illegal_work
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: coping_cash_other
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displaced_since2011
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: year_displacement
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_disp
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: applied_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_family_member
independent.var:sex_hoh









chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: leave_country_intention
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: presence_uxo_neighborhood
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_uxo
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: member_uxo_injured
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: received_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: future_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: humanitarian_assistance_info
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: prefered_information_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: food_security_consent
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: agricultural_production
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: crop_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: livestock_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_mobile_network
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: eviction_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_heating
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_noaccess_dropped_school
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: type_nonformal_education
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_treatment
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: toilet_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: waste_management
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_criteria
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: pregnancy_consultedby
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: service_access_issues
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability_service_issues
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: obtaining_cash_challenges
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketplace
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem_expensive
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem_unavailable
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: financial_provider
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: coping_cash_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: no_return_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: return_area_decision
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: problem_faced_return
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_doc_types
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_doc_impact
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: documentation_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: leave_country_reasons
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_uxo_actions
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: modality_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





which necessary input files exist?

|                                                        |.    | |:-------------------------------------------------------|:----| |./internal/input_files/analysis plan.csv                |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/choice ranks.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/cluster_samplingframe.csv        |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/composite_indicators.csv         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/data.csv                         |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo choices.csv                 |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/kobo questions.csv               |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/parameters.csv                   |TRUE | |./internal/input_files/stratification_samplingframe.csv |TRUE |



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: organisation_name
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displacement_status
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: relation_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sex_hoh
independent.var:sex_hoh



























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: hosting_displaced
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_land_sea
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: engage_agriculture_prior2014
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nb_hectares_cultivated
independent.var:sex_hoh





















data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: dwelling_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: occupancy_type
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: shelter_condition
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: threat_eviction
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: first_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: second_electricity_source
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cooking_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: vehicle_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: generator_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: heating_fuel
independent.var:sex_hoh

















chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: distance_water_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_for_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_source_other_purpose
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: unsufficient_drinking_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_quality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_public_network_water
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: frequency_trash_collection
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_needed_15days
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_received
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_facility_visited
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_healthcentre
independent.var:sex_hoh











chisquared testing:
dependent.var: ind_chronicdisease
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: chronicdisease_medecine
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mental_disorder
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability_healthcare_service
independent.var:sex_hoh



























data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



















































chisquared testing:
dependent.var: obtaining_cash_to_meet_needs
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: cash_withdraw_amount
independent.var:sex_hoh





























chisquared testing:
dependent.var: payment_modality
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_market_place
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: time_accessgoods
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_non_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: sell_productive_asset
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: spent_savings
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: borrow_money
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: purchase_on_credit
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_nfi
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reduce_expense_health
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: delay_skip_rent
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: begging
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: additional_job
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: degrading_illegal_work
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: coping_cash_other
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: displaced_since2011
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: baladiya_area_origin
independent.var:sex_hoh







chisquared testing:
dependent.var: year_displacement
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: mantika_disp
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: applied_documentation
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_family_member
independent.var:sex_hoh









chisquared testing:
dependent.var: missing_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: leave_country_intention
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: presence_uxo_neighborhood
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_uxo
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_period
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: member_uxo_injured
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: received_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: future_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: humanitarian_assistance_info
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: prefered_information_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: food_security_consent
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: agricultural_production
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 different values in the dependent variable



data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: crop_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: livestock_crisis
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not test group difference with <2 unique values in the independent variable with at least 2 records)



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_mobile_network
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: eviction_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: access_heating
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_noaccess_dropped_school
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: type_nonformal_education
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: water_treatment
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: toilet_type
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: waste_management
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: healthcare_criteria
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: reasons_nohealthaccess
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: pregnancy_consultedby
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: service_access_issues
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: physical_disability_service_issues
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: obtaining_cash_challenges
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketplace
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem_expensive
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: barrier_marketitem_unavailable
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: financial_provider
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: coping_cash_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: no_return_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.



chisquared testing:
dependent.var: return_area_decision
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: problem_faced_return
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_doc_types
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: lost_doc_impact
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: documentation_reason
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: leave_country_reasons
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_uxo_actions
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: awareness_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: modality_assistance
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: assistance_source
independent.var:sex_hoh





chisquared testing:
dependent.var: humanitarian_assistance_barriers
independent.var:sex_hoh





data sanitation decided not to produce summary statistics. Message:

can not perform chisquared test on >50 unique values in the dependent variable.